Hamza copy this is Irving Lambert I'm
fishers and as they have friend of the
fact that i owe you guys big time CIA is
telling me the rebels rig the powers
with SIBO i can't confront they're gonna
blow it up as a victory celebration
that's just what I hope Fisher get him
away from the palace ground you'll get a
team cracking the frequency of those
detonators your friends and the jba
should be suitably impressed for making
a big mistake yeah yes oh good now shut
up there is more at stake here than
millions of people are going to die nope
you are done talking please you're not
listening to me that is it one more word
done you sure
that we worked that out
fishin thank God the sniper rifle Weston
that's twice you see I owe you one
remember grab on we're getting out here
let's go there's a CIA safe house just
ahead throw me over the fence and I can
take it from there listen before we go
in there I just want to say thanks again
not necessary yeah well good luck Fisher
Sam we've got the frequency of those
you